---
layout: single
title: "2020-11-03 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2020-11-03
excerpt: "Sponorsship, Workshops"
---

## Attendees:
Brian, Brandon, Max, Trista, Vijay, Narayani

## Agenda

Agenda:
* Introductions.
* Approve minutes from meeting on Oct. 20. 
* Sponsorship email update.
* Discuss which workshop to host before year's end.

## Notes

* Approval of minutes from Nov. 3 meeting: Meeting minutes not accessible online so could not be passed.
    * Postponed to Nov. 17 meeting.

* Reviewed letter to sponsors (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1otzQ06glX2t4jiUDp0G1m3sK4_pUpR-JfLE9M7341LU/edit)
    * Contents of the sponsorship letter discussed. 
    * Board members to edit prior to next meeting on Nov. 17.

* Brandon tried to find 2020 workshop participants list but could not locate it. 
    * Workshop info folder should be updated. 
    * The list can be taken from the registration forms. 
    * Alethea will pull up the list of RSVP participants to get an estimate of participants. 
    * Brian will contact Eve to get the list; once the list is available Brandon will get the number to fill up in the potential sponsorship letter. 
    * Contents of the sponsorship letter discussed. 

* Discussion of funding & sponsorship:
    * Consider reducing the amount of funding the Club requests from sponsors.
    * Could ask for $1000 but indicate we are happy to accept whatever is offerred/they will provide.
    * Since the beginning, the club has struggled with determining/deciding what sponsors should receive in return for their support.
    * Previously, priority registration seats for sponsoring departments has been condsidered an option.
        * (i.e., priority for participants from departments who have dunded Data Carpentries)
        * Potential issue with this- may result in all workshop participants coming from departments that have funded Data Carpentires- lose diversity.
        * Althea suggests we base this on the focus of individual workshops; e.g., Spatial Ecology, Geospatial- depending on needs of department participants.
            * Potential issue with this- may result in all workshop participants coming from departments that have funded Data Carpentires- lose diversity.
    * Could provide workshop tailored for/offered exclusively ot funding department if they can guarantee a minimum number of participants.
    * Another idea: Solicit from sponsors/funders what workshop they see as most udeful to their department & potential participants.
        * Brandon: Provide short form to solicit requests, rather than sending and receiving random emails with suggestions requests.
        * Send 'short form' to one conatct name from each department.
            * Althea: We have contact names from previous sponsors/departments; for new sponsors we will have to identify designated contact name.
    * All agree, we will ask for $1000 instead of $1500.
    * However, do we include sponsors that contributed a substantial amount and ask for a lesser amount?
        * This may not be advantageous in the long run for the Club.
        * We could ask for same sum of money from donors of larger sums (i.e., amounts previously provided by these sponsors).
        * UFBI have consistently supported Data Carpentires but may not have the funds this year.
            * No dollar amount listed for UFBI.
        
* Action item for next meeting:
    * Come up with list of departments to ask for funding/sponsorhsip.
    * Pharmacy seems interested in providing funding; Eve had contact with this department.
    * Can begin with Pharmacy main office admin person as contact.
    * Create spreadsheet with departments we want to reach out to as potential sponsors.
        * Brandon created google doc; need to fill in contact persons, etc.
    
* Workshop ideas for 2020-21:
    * How far apart do we space out specific worskhop themes? E.g., Geospatial topic- annually or more like once every 18 months?
        * May want to offer Intro to R more reguarly.
        * Geospatial fills up- once a year is not too often.
        * Earlier in 2020: Feb.- Social Science; May- Geospatial; Genonomics- (?); Sept.- Intro to R.
        * Social Science workshop may be of broad interest.
            * SNRE- interested participants and potential sponsor.
        * Ecology workshop has not been offered in a while.
        * Python workshop: there has been some interest in the past but not likely to fill up.
        * In the past, offered workshops of mixed topics- this is an option.
            * Identify topics of interest for mixed workshop.
    * Do any board members have time to organize a workshop this semester (Fall 2020)? 
        * Most present at the meeting indicate they do not have time until December at the earliest.  
    * Discussion of what organizing a workshop entails.
        * Pulling all the pieces together; responding to influx of emails, etc. 
        * In the past, some workshops too long/have too many parts.
        * Previously, Alethea and Flora have taken care of setting up registration and organizing space to hold workshops (latter not necessary for virtual).
    * Consensus: Early Spring Semester 2021 most feasible to organize workshop.
        * We should begin planning spring workshop now.
        
## Next meeting on Nov. 17: 

    * First agenda item- nail down workshop topic, etc.
    * Positions for next meeting: Chair- Brandon; Secretary- Trista.
    * Action items: sponsors letter; donors list (potential funding departments); list of 2020 workshop participants.

        
        
  
