---
layout: single
title: "2019-08-20 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-08-20
excerpt: "Workshops, Elections, Travel Awards"
---

## Attendees
Board members: Brian (chair), Elise (secretary), Gaurav, Simona
Non-board members: Dave Klinges (WEC, Scheffers lab), Plato Smith (Libraries)

## Agenda:

- Approve last week's minutes
- Upcoming workshop updates (I'm keeping the same list as for last meeting just to keep everything on the radar; I don't expect all will have updates)
    - USDA-ARS/UF Machine Learning Training 2019 (Aug 27-28)
    - Resbaz
    - Genomics workshop (#114)
    - UCF/Orlando workshop
    - "Regular" carpentries workshop (early October?)
    - R for social sciences
    - Spring ML or network analysis workshop (#115)
- Elections and travel award logistics
    - We need to choose someone to anonymize applications for the Travel Awards.
        - They will download the applications from the Google Form, remove all names, and then send the application materials to the Travel Award committee (Geraldine, Brian and Gaurav) for scoring. We will return the scores to this person, who then lets us know who won.
    - Start publicizing workshops for fall 2019/spring 2020 (#121)
    - Streamline notifications of upcoming workshops to sponsors and mailing lists
        - Gaurav tried consolidating all relevant information in the "Workshop Announcements" folder on our Google Drive.
        - Do we have an alternate contact for the UF Libraries?
        - Are there any other venues we should try?
        - Upcoming events blog post is live, is there more to do right now?
- Plan for making our Carpentries report public (#69)
- Online instructor training (#127)
- Approve REC program description and add to website

    
       
## Notes:

- Approve last week's minutes
    - Approved
- Upcoming workshop updates
    - USDA-ARS/UF Machine Learning Training 2019 (Aug 27-28)
        - meeting tomorrow afternoon, some of the lessons are written
        - Registration is full, will try to open more seats
        - Adam would like to do this again in the Spring
        - Only have 1 helper
            - Have 7 instructors
            - Probably have enough helpers
            - Gaurav will email Adam re: this, will confirm with instructors that they'll be around the whole time
    - Resbaz
        - Meeting weekly
        - Plenary speakers confirmed, lot of discussion panel speakers confirmed
        - Announcing it real soon
    - Genomics workshop (#114)
        - Nov. 14-15
        - Check with Geraldine re: updates
    - UCF/Orlando workshop
        - No updates from Carla
    - "Regular" carpentries workshop (Oct 17-18)
        - Wait until elections until
        - Elise and Brian will be organizing it
        - Something from Software Carpentries
            - Python or R?
            - All in agreement for R
            - Take out SQL lesson
            - By next meeting: Elise/Brian will have options for R lessons
    - R for social sciences
        - Spring, Who is coordinating with Sasha?
    - Spring ML or network analysis workshop (#115)
        - Was originally related to IFAS support, possibly pair with Adam
        - Consider network analysis
- Election logistics
    - We need to choose someone to anonymize applications for the Travel Awards.
        - Not a separate post; only on Geraldine's blog post
        - Will go out on the 26th; Hao prepped wording for announcement
        - Simona got the link ready to go
        - Deadline: Sept. 4
        - Notifications: by Sept. 27
        - Twitter, Listserves, Website for distribution

- Travel award logistics
    - How to make anonymous:
        - They will download the applications from the Google Form, remove all names, and then send the application materials to the Travel Award committee (Geraldine, Brian and Gaurav) for scoring. We will return the scores to this person, who then lets us know who won.
        - Elise will do this
        - Deadline 30th
        - Results announced the following Monday
- Start publicizing workshops for fall 2019/spring 2020 (#121)
    - - Upcoming events blog post is live, is there more to do right now?
        - Details below
    - Streamline notifications of upcoming workshops to sponsors and mailing lists
        - all contacts for sponsors are financial people
        - Gaurav consolidated a list of relevant contacts in the "Workshop Announcements" folder on our Google Drive.
    - Do we have an alternate contact for the UF Libraries?
    - Are there any other venues we should try?
            - Include UF postdoc listserve
            - Grad student list (can check with Flora)
                - previous issues because they're slow
            - When we get a new sponsor, we should get all of their contacts for various applications (finance, students, etc)

- Approve REC program description and add to website
    - Vote via the pull request thread
- Plan for making our Carpentries report public (#69)
    - Last meeting we agreed to post it
    - Gaurav put this on our website, put it as a blog post, closed the issue
        - Links to the document on google drive (as read only)
        - Later - once we get the next report, put them on a page on the website
- Online instructor training (#127)
    - Have access to some # of students for online training
    - Do we want to use it? 
        - combine with in-person training announcement
            - allow people who are on the waiting list to join
            - mention that the online option is available, and add questions about which option they prefer (online v. in-person) 
            - Or, after the in-person training, announce that those slots are open

- Plan for next meeting: Sept. 3
    - Simona chair
    - Gaurav secretary 
  

        
