---
layout: single
title: "2019-11-19 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-11-19
excerpt: "Spring workshops, UFII director meeting, November workshop debrief, Spring social event"
---
## Agenda
* Spring instructor training workshop details
* November workshops' debrief
* Spring workshops
* Spring social event
* UFII director meeting
* Travel grants


## Attendees
Board members: Brian Stucky, Elise Morrison, Eve Bohnett, Vratika Chaudhary (chair), Jenicca Poongavanan (secretary),Minghao, Carla Mavian; Guests: Brandon, Hao Ye,

## Last Meeting Minutes
* Approved

## Novemeber Workshop Debrief
* We had sticky note feedback at the end of the two days.
* Overall the feedback was positive. One day one, the participants mentionned things were going too quickly. 
* We did lose a couple of people on day 2. 
* some additional comments from Brian and Vratika - For this workshop we had a new mix of lessons. It was a good curriculum - the most useful and successful curriculum so far. Most researchers now manages their data in databases, csv files. 
* A checklist of basic things an instructor can go through to make sure to cover the necessary points. The instructors can use this as a guideline.
* We could also give new instructors a chance but giving a lesson for the first 15 min of the workshop, to give them a chance get feedback from the other more experienced intructors. 
* We should make sure the helpers are on the same page.
* Make sure to have vegan options. Have more vegetarian options. 
* Survey on scholarship for workshops - the feedback was that the fee was too high. Two people said that the fee was the reason why they didnt attend the workshop before. 
* We should ask for a feedback from the participant regarding the fees. 


## Genomics Workshop Debrief
* A lot of people praised the workshop. 
* Helpers were very helpful. 
* The first day was too slow. The first day they had to work with entering command lines. 
* The instructors are thinking of shrinking the time allocated to command lines. 
* Some people mentionned about having an introduction of the other participants. 
* A lot of people forget about their sticky notes. 
* A lot of the syllabus was not included - it was done very briefly. They are thinking of starting with the command line. 

## Spring Instructor Workshop 
* We are targeting February 2020. 
* We need to set up the application maybe early January.

## Spring Workshop
* We are considering a REC as location. UF satelites campus. 
* Geospatial Modelling - usually a big demand of this workshop. 
* We can run a bigger workshop (>25), if we find a bigger venue. One option would be to run two sessions. Also it could be only a one day option
* Machine learning workshop 
* Software carpentry one day workshop. (MAYBE)

## Spring Social 
* Sometime late January 2020. Two weeks before the instructor workshop. 

## Travel grants 
* We have a losely set cycle. There is a call for application where people apply. It is usually 2 to 3 times a year. 
* We need to sort out the deadlines etc by early next year so as to allow people to make plans. 
* We need to set up the application thorugh google forms. 
* Applications should be out by early January


## UFII director meeting
* Wednesday 20th Nov 2020

## Officer positions
* Vratika: Chair 
* Jenicca/Carla: secretary
