---
layout: single
title: "2023-04-21 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2023-04-21
excerpt: "21 April 2023 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2023 April 21, 11:00 AM (EST)
- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Approval of [April 4th, 2023 minutes](https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2023-04-04/)
3. Scheduling remaining semester meetings, upcoming workshops
4. Onboarding new board member
5. Instructor trainings
6. Any other business

- **Participants:**
    - CJ Campbell,  Vaasuki Marupaka, Ke Zhang
    - **Chair:** CJ
    - **Secretary:** CJ

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Introductions

We introduced ourselves. : )

### Approval of April 04th, 2023 minutes

Minutes were approved without amendment.

### Scheduling remaining meetings

We filled out a poll for availability for the remainder of the semester. CJ will send the poll to other board members with the hopes of scheduling 1-2 more meetings this semester.

We elected not to select specific dates for upcoming board meetings until the next Spring 2023 meeting.

#### Proposed general schedule from last meeting

* Meet-and-Greet (start of semester)
* Data Analysis and Visualization in R for Ecologists
* Genomics (October)
* Library Carpentry (centrally organized)
* Geospatial (pending assessment of the lessons)

### Onboarding new board member

CJ set Vaasuki up with access to GitHub Carpentries Club repos and Google Drive.

### Other agenda items

Remaining items were shelved for the next board meeting.

### Next board meeting

Next board meeting will be in late April or early May, at a time to be determined by a poll to the full board.
**Cory** will chair.
**CJ** will secretary.
