---
layout: single
title: "2023-11-07 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2023-11-07
excerpt: "07 Nov 2023 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2023 November 07, 10:00 (ET)
- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Approval of [October 24 minutes](https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2023-10-24/)
3. Election Follow-up
4. Genomics workshop recap 
5. Sponsorships update
6. Membership update & renewal deadline 
7. Budget update
8. Future workshops
9. IFAS reports 
10. Tabling on campus 
11. Other

- **Participants:**
    - Present: Dellena, Flora, Cory, Ke
    - **Chair:** Cory
    - **Secretary:** Ke

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Introductions
* We did not do introductions since we had only board members attend the meeting.

### Approval of [October 24 minutes]([https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2023-10-24/])
* Minutes approved

### Elections follow-up (Audrey & others) 
* Dellena send email to Audrey ask what is update, what is next step to do.

### Genomics workshop recap (Aida not available)
* Next time when Aida available, we should ask about the Spanish Genomics workshop.

### Sponsorships update
* Cory and Ke sent all their emails. Dellena sent the emails, but she will send another round. Cory will send reminder this Friday to request for sponsorship. 

### Membership update & renewal deadline 
* Ke will get Chartfield number from Flora then send to WEC and the Museum to get their sponsorship transferred to us. Ke will answer email from Dr. Ethan White to ask what is his expectation and mention about the instructor training could be described in the proposal. 

### Budget update
* Reformatting- Cory

### Future workshops
* Spring 2024 workshops. Geospatial workshop probably happen first, then the Libraries workshop will be scheduled once we re-start our membership

### IFAS reports 
* Cory still works on it, needs to find and review an old report. He will email Geraldine K for it.) 

### Tabling on campus (to recruit members or advertise workshops) 
* Plan to make it happen in the spring and fall semester. Ke needs to figure out if we need to reserve a spot, maybe stop by a table. 

### Other
* 

### Next Board Meeting
* Chair: Cory
* Secretary: Ke
* Date: November 21, 2023
* Schedule: 10-11 am (EST)

