---
layout: single
title: "2022-11-29 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2022-11-29
excerpt: "2022 November 29 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2022 November 29, 13:00 ET

- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Approval of November 15 Board Meeting minutes
3.  Election results & welcoming of new board members
4. Libraries Workshop update
5. Intro to R Workshop planning/discussion
6. Social event planning
7. Sponsorship emails
8. Budget
9. Any other busines



- **Participants:**
    - Audrey Smith, Flora Marynak, Cory Brunson, Caitlin Campbell, Dellena Bloom, Natya Hans,   Ke Zhang
    - **Meeting Chair:** Caitlin
    - **Meeting Secretary:** Audrey


## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Introductions
- Introductions were made!

### Approval of November 01 Board Meeting minutes
- Minutes were approved with no changes.

### Elections update
- All nominees received greater than 50% votes of all votes cast
- Caitlin welcomed new board members

### Library Carpentry Update (Cory):
- Cory sent out email to registrants (29)
- Cory will join zoom 1 hr prior to workshop start time
- Will coordinate helper shifts via email
- Slack channel will be set up for all participants
- Natya: Access to zoom for those not registered? (Cory recommended Natya go ahead & register for the workshop
- Cory: should we target specific listservs for different workshops based on workshop content/focus?
- Flora: sends out to specific listservs (or the relative contact person), including grad students

### Intro to R Workshop Update (Natya and Dellena):
- Date set: January 19-20
- Leaning towards in-person format, will not plan on a hybrid workshop. Ultimately, up to the organizers to decide.
- Natya and Dellena to schedule a meeting to go over the checklist.
- Announcement to be sent out in Dec, ideally with the option to register. At minimum, send out the save the date.
- Flora has checked and reserved informatics institute room space

### Social event planning (Cory): 
- Planning a social get-together for board and active carpentries club members to get everyone introduced to the website, file storage, google drives, etc.. Part tutorial, part social space.
- Caitlin will take charge of scheduling
- Locations – expecting ~10 people. Bartram-Carr courtyard looks good– has wifi, some outlets. Cory may bring food, or else we would brown-bag it.

### Sponsorship emails + budget
Waiting on budget update info, will revisit next meeting

### Other business
- Cory will manually generate the reports in the style of the previous. Would appreciate reminder in January. 
- New member onboarding: Audrey will add new board members to google drive, we will work out github usernames. Some of this can be worked out at the upcoming onboarding social.


### Next meeting
* 2022 December, date TBD. Planned in-person event!
* Chair: **Caitlin**
* Secretary: **Audrey**
