---
layout: single
title: "2022-01-14 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2021-12-08
excerpt: "January 2022 Meeting"
---

2022-01-14 Board Meeting


###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info
- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** January 14, 2022 04:00 PM (EST)
- **Agenda**
    1. Introductions
    2. Approve minutes from 2021 December 8 meeting
    3. Update on FY22 budget
    4. Finalize past & potential sponsor emails
        - Past sponsorship data has been copied into un-dated "Potential Sponsors" sheet. Should original dated sheets be deleted?
    5. Schedule and delegate organization of "Intro to R" and "Intro to Data Science" workshops
        - Website preparation
        - Instructor recruitment
        - Promotion
        - Assessment
    6.  Update on Carpentries support for remaining Spring 2022 workshops
    7. Other business

- **Participants:**
    - Cory Brunson, Caitlin Campbell, Amanda Markee, Narayani Barve, Amobichukwu Amanambu

- **Meeting Chair:** Cory
- **Meeting Secretary:** Caitlin



## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
### Approve meeting minutes
- Approve minutes from December 14th 2021 Board Meeting
    - Approved by board majority.

### Update on FY22 budget
- Tabled until someone with budget experience is available

### Sponsorship emails & contact
- Cory has proposed edits to a set of current and potential sponsor emails.
- Archiving older documents is approved.
- Current sponsor email:
    - clarified text on in-person fees
- New sponsor email:
    - Checked marked-up version, minor comments, Cory will approve comments and get approval of final numbers in a coming email
- Volunteering folks to send sponsor emails.
    - Internal deadline for initial contact emails by end of January. Plan follow-ups for 8-10 days after.

### Schedule and delegate organization of "Intro to R" and "Intro to Data Science" workshops
- Intro to R in late January, Intro to Data Science in late February
- Intro to R planning
    - Which lesson plan to follow-- Data Analysis and Visualization in R for Ecologists (https://datacarpentry.org/R-ecology-lesson/) vs. R for reproducible analysis (https://swcarpentry.github.io/r-novice-gapminder/)
    - Considered moving dates around, urgency in scheduling central workshops pretty soon.
    - Pushing back to Jan 31-1 February. Announcement / promotions as soon as possible.
    - Cory and Narayani will take point as co-organizers. Cory will get website up.
    - Data Science, co-let by Cori and Amobi.
    - Amanda will help with promotion
    
### Update on Carpentries support for remaining Spring 2022 workshops
- No availability before last week of March.
- Classes end April 20
- Amanda will start an email thread to discuss the best dates to pursue these-- no major time limitations on our end, or even need to space them out.

### Notes for next meeting:
- Chair and secretary will remain Cory/Caitlin next meeting
- Next meeting is Monday January 24th at 12pm EST

