---
layout: single
title: "2024-01-23 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2024-01-23
excerpt: "23 Jan 2024 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2024 January 23, 10:00 (ET)
- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Approval of [December 12 minutes]([https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/214])
3. Elections follow-up (Audrey & others)
4. Sponsorships update
5. Membership renewal (Ke)
6. Budget update
7. Spring 2024 workshops
8. IFAS reports (Cory)
9. Any other business

- **Participants:**
    - Present: Ke, Cory, Flora, Vaasuki, Dellena
    - **Chair:** Ke Zhang
    - **Secretary:** Dellena Bloom

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Introductions
* Do not need introductions today

### Approving minutes
* December 12, 2023 minutes were approved
* Alot of members liked the format used

### Elections
* We have results of the election, Ke, Dellena, Vaasuki, and a new member, Calvin
* Should we expand the self-nomination timeline -
* We need to contact Calvin and let him know the state of the club and how we will reboot in spring
* Start preparing for the next elections section in October

### Sponsorship
* Continue soliciting sponsorship and keep this as a focus now instead of planning and organizing workshops
* Julie is the contact person for sponsorship for the club, she can transfer money
* Make sure to contact assigned departments and inform them to contact Julie if sponsoring
* Send instructions to departments that confirmed sponsorship too

### Membership renewal
* Maybe do this in summer and begin working on this now
* By the time fall starts, you want to have your membership in place, so maybe do this in summer
* Board can prepare and apply for membership during spring and this would take effect during the summer
* We can do instructor training without the membership title

### Budget
* We have not gotten sponsor money and/or spent money

### Spring 2024 workshops
* We may not have bandwidth this semester to run any workshops, start fresh in fall
* If Calvin is interested, Ke would consider hosting a Geospatial workshop this spring
* Plan workshops for fall 2024

### IFAS reports
* Cory is working on 2022 and 2023 reports
* Cory outlined what he thinks we need for this
* We will all review this before Cory submits
* We may not need this, but it may be useful to send to potential sponsors

### Other
* No other notes

### Next Board Meeting
* Chair: Ke
* Secretary: Dellena
* Date: February 6th, 2024
* Schedule: 10-11 am (EST)

1. Introductions
2. Approval of January 23rd minutes
3. Sponsorship solicitation
4. Workshops
5. IFAS reports (Cory)
6. Elections
7. Instructor training/Membership
8. Other

