---
layout: single
title: "2024-10-14 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2024-10-14
excerpt: "14 October 2024 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2024 October 14, 2:00pm (ET)
- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Approval of Sep 30th minutes
3. Membership renewal
4. Online workshops
5. Semester workshop and recruiting events
6. Other

- **Participants:**
    - Present: Calvin, Dellena, Ke, Flora
    - **Chair:** Calvin
    - **Secretary:** Dellena

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Introductions
* None needed

### Approval of Sep 30th minutes
* Add information about changing github member status
* Minutes approved

### Membership renewal
* Flora submitted the request for PO - waiting for approval to send the money
* Flora will email when she gets the confirmation

### Online workshop
* DEP confirmed they have 14 people for the week of October 28th
* Must decide time for 2 consecutive days from 9 to 5 with a one hour lunch break - maybe the 28th-29th -> yes lets confirm this
* Ke is available on Monday and Vaasuki is available Tuesday
* Send google sheet for call-out email to facilitate helpers
* Calvin: send email to DEP to confirm this time
* Flora: will send email that Vaasuki made the template for and create the registration form
* This will be a free workshop, with no fee
* See how many volunteers for helpers we have and then possibly increase registration limit, but for now, keep it at 20 total, or 5 open to UF students
* Make clear to DEP point of contact that this is a 2-day workshop and the later sessions are dependent on the first sessions
* Flora will send, Calvin and Ke will draft email: Sending to ecology relate departments first is good, so we don't get too many people trying to register, since we only have 5 spots to fill - unless if we get a bunch of people signing up for helpers, as this will increase attendance possibilities
* Flora will create the website, Calvin and Vaasuki will send her details relating to this workshop
* Having an etherpad or google doc for questions may be best, but has a lack of privacy, combine this with chats and breakout rooms in zoom
* Make zoom meeting for helpers and instructors prior to workshop

### Semester workshop and recruiting events
* Kick till next meeting

### Other
* Ke working on making flyer to put up at the library

### Next Board Meeting
* Chair: Calvin
* Secretary: Vaasuki
* Date: 11/4/2024 2pm
* Schedule:

1. Introductions
2. Approval of October 14th minutes
3. Membership renewal
4. Online workshop debrief
5. Semester workshop and recruiting events
6. Other
