---
layout: single
title: "2020-03-03 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2020-03-03
excerpt: "Travel awards wrap-up, Workshop updates, instructor trainings and more"
---
## Agenda
* Last meetings minute approval
* Expand audiences and departments
* Carpentries Instructor Training
* Geospatial prep
* Genomics
* Rec Workshop
* Soliciting funds

## Attendees
Board members: Brian Stucky,Eve Bohnett, Elise morrison, Carla Mavian (chair), Minghao Gong (secretory)

## Last Meeting Minutes
* Approved
* A minor point: Social science workshops
	* Lower presentation of targeted persons.
* Minutes need to be adjusted

## Travel award
* 500$ each person (three awardees)
* Taylor proposed to use for another workshop. 
	* Resubmission of application from Taylor.
	* Follow-up

## Instructor training
* Teacher has been confirmed by Alethea
* Last week, 11 persons; the number of attendances declined.
	* Brian is concerned with the regular one-year routine. Possibly we can do it every other year?
	* Expanding audiences to be reachable; Highlight and reworkings of instructor training. 
	* Circulation to other departments (e.g., EPI)

## Genomics workshop
* [Priority] Spreadsheet to confirm instructors, helpers
* dates to be confirmed. April 6, 7

## Geospatial 
* The end of March
* Website is good to go
* [Priority] After springbreak, we can promote the workshop

## IFAS
* Dean of IFAS, preparation of regular annual report or the end of the year. 
* We run workshops, do we need a written document?
* We need to know what info the reader want to know. 
* Eve has nicely prepared the UFCarpentries-AnnualReport. 

## Minor issues:
* Hosting workshop in UCF (proposed by Carla)
	* It is workable but they need to request and allocate resources and fundings.
* Pre-workshop survey: further improve Google form for checking attendees 
	* Understand the affiliations of attendees precisely to understand our targeted attendees
	* Better survey issues. Drop-down options? Automatic generated reports? (Elise will follow up on that)

## Next board meeting
* March 17th (Tuesday 2:30 p.m.).

## Officer positions
* Carla Mavian: Chair 
* Minghao Gong: secretary






