---
layout: single
title: "2022-10-04 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2022-10-04
excerpt: "October 4th 2022 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** October 4th 2022 1:00 PM (EST)

- **Agenda**
1. Introductions
2. Approval of September 23 Board Meeting minutes
3. Board nominations & elections update
4. Genomics workshop update
5. Libraries workshop update
6. Other business


- **Participants:**
    - Cory Brunson, Caitlin Campbell, Amanda Markee, Dellena Bloom, Natya Hans
    - **Meeting Chair:** Cory
    - **Meeting Secretary:** Amanda

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Board nominations/elections update
* Audrey is the point person for this agenda item.
* Self nominations are closed, but we will keep them open on a rolling basis

### Approval of September 23 Board Meeting minutes
* Minutes were approved by all board members who attended

### Genomics Workshop Update
* Aida & Cory are main organizers and instructors.
* We have folks who have signed up as instructors [see workshop website for more information](https://uf-carpentry.github.io/2022-10-10-ufl/)
* Amazon Web Services (AWL) will be used instead of HyperGator. Bulk of the workshop done on the cloud.
* AWL practice session for instructors 
* UFII will cover the excess cost of food, in the future we need to budget more for food.
* For future workshops, we may want to either up cost of workshop, or find another funding source for food.
* Cory will summarize the options discussed below, and ask 
    - Need based question at the end of registration form
    - Bring your own lunch, but pay nominal fee. All participants can opt in or out of lunch. ($20 vs $5)
    - Automatically tier by student, faculty, community member
    - Flat increase in registration cost

### Libraries Workshop Update
* Amanda: Dates for libraries workshop changed to Dec 1-2, from 9:00am-5:00pm EST.
* UF Carpentries/Flora will handle registration, but Danielle from Data Carpentries will recruit instructors.

## Any Other Business
* Intro to R workshop will begin in the Spring 2023 semester.
* Natya is out of the office until Jan 13, but will co-organize our next R workshop.

### Notes for Next Meeting
* The next board meeting is scheduled for Tuesday, Oct. 18th, 1:00-2:00pm EST. 
* Cory will serve as Chair; Amanda will send out request for substitute Secretary since she will be out of town.
* Cory will send Outlook calendar invite.
