---
layout: single
title: "2020-01-07 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2020-01-07
excerpt: "Spring social, instructor workshop, spring workshops"
---
## Agenda
* New meeting time
* Spring social date preferences
* Travel grant apps
* Teacher training logistics
* Other workshops websites and tasks

## Attendees
Board members: Eve Bohnett (chair), Brian Stucky (secretary), Vratika Chaudhary, Minghao Gong

Guests: None

## New meeting time
* Eve has the informatics room booked for the semester on every other Tuesday at 2:30.
* We'll have the next meeting in a week (January 14), then biweekly after that.

## Spring social(s)
* The informatics room is booked for January 29 from 11:00-1:00 for our spring social.
* Eve created a draft poster to announce the social.  She is going to make a few changes and then share with the rest of the board for printing and posting.
* We will have a short slideshow running in the background during the social.  Depending on attendance, we could also deliver a short presentation from the slides.  Eve will set up a Google Slides presentation that we can all work on collaboratively.
* At the next board meeting, we should discuss doing a social at EPI.

## Spring Instructor Workshop 
* The February date is out.  It took too long to hear back from Carpentries about instructor availability, and now there is too little time to organize the workshop.
* We will target early March, assuming we can get a timely response about instructor availability.

## Spring workshops
* Eve is setting up a Google sheet to start organizing the workshops and decide who is doing what.  She will circulate among the board.
* Once we have organizers assigned, we can set the workshop dates.

## Travel grants 
* Carla and Vratika are working on organizing the spring travel grants.

## Next board meeting
* Tuesday, February 14, 2:30 PM
* Eve will be chair, Brian will be secretary.

