---
layout: single
title: "2024-11-4 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2024-11-4
excerpt: "4 November 2024 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2024 November 4, 2:00pm (ET)
- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Approval of Oct 14th minutes
3. Membership renewal
4. Online workshops
5. Semester workshop and recruiting events
6. Other

- **Participants:**
    - Present: Calvin, Vaasuki, Cory, Flora
    - **Chair:** Calvin
    - **Secretary:** Vaasuki

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Introductions
* None needed

### Approval of Oct 14th minutes
* Minutes approved

### Membership renewal
* Flora submitted the request for PO - and we were approved
* Waiting for it to process and pay to the carpentries
* Initial plan: complete the paperwork in spring and submit it by the beginning of summer to have it started in Fall. We wanted it to be an academic year as opposed to calendar year.
* Can ask the carpentries to consider 2024 Fall to Summer 2025, given the workshop one week ago was under the carpentries banner.
* Perhaps a person or two can take responsibiity strating in spring on reaching out to sponsors for upcoming renewal?
* Meet with Dr. Alina Zare is the new director of IIAIRI on Nov 5, 2024

### Notes on online workshop debrief
* The workshop went well. Instructors and helpers coordinated with the participants through chat window.
* UF centered workshop maybe in-person
* Calvin pitch: Hybrid workshop with two intsructors managing in-person and online folks? 
* Troubleshooting session before the start of the workshop was not required for this workshop
* Breakout rooms were not put to much use

### Semester workshop and recruiting events
* Kick till next meeting
* Meet n Greet early spring 2025
* Atleast one workshop in 2025, more discussions to follow.

### Other
* Budget spreadsheet: allocation of budget money between membership and other workshop logistics (food, stationary etc)

### Next Board Meeting
* Chair: Calvin
* Secretary: Dellena
* Date: 11/18/2024 2pm
* Schedule:

1. Introductions
2. Approval of November 4th minutes
3. Membership renewal
4. Online workshop debrief
5. Semester workshop and recruiting events
6. Update the website
7. Budget spreadsheet
8. Other
