---
layout: single
title: "2022-08-22 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2022-08-22
excerpt: "August 2022 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** August 22, 2022 11:00 AM (EST)
- **Agenda**
1. Introductions
2. Approval of July 11 Board Meeting minutes
3. Fall 2022 Meet-and-Greet event update
4. Finalize genomics workshop details
5. Update on IFAS Report

- **Participants:**
    - Cory Brunson, Caitlin Campbell, Flora Marynak, Aida Miro-Herrans, Amanda Markee, Audrey Smith
    - **Meeting Chair:** Cory
    - **Meeting Secretary:** Audrey

*Minutes from July 7th meeting approved.

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Meet-and-Greet Event Update
* Scheduled for Friday, Sept. 2nd, 11:30am-1:00pm. 
* Dellena is main organizer with help of Flora & Audrey. 
* Registratiojn link is up & running; registration closes Aug. 31 to include lunch, Sept. 1 without lunch.
* Email invitation has been created; Audrey will check with Dellena about emailing Carpentries Club sponsoring departments.
* Audrey created flyer adverstisement; Amanda will create QR code for registration and add to flyer.
* Aida- good idea to post flyers by Health Sciences Library- Audrey with do this with help of Cory/Aida if needed.
* All board members to send event announcement/invite email to respective departments and other potentially  

### Genomics Workshop Update
* Dates finalized for Oct. 10-11. Format will be in-person.
* Aida & Cory are main organizers. Aida will teach; at least one additional instructor desired.
* Cap enrollment at 20. Charge of $10 per person to cover food & beverages ($5/day); $2 fee covered by Carpentries funds.
* Amazon Web Services (AWL) will be used instead of HyperGator. Plan to use HyperGator in the future.
* Students can request access via libraries (allow 2 weeks time prior to scheduled Carpentries workshops). 
* Cory will check with Flora that workshop participants from 2021-22 (and earlier) are added to email listserv first, 
* then then draft email to recruit workshop instructors & helpers.

### IFAS Report Update 
* Audrey will check on status of reports that were in progress over the last several months and report back.
* IFAS has traditionally been one of the main sponsors of the Carpentries, and the Club provided them with a data report (i.e., how money supported the club- # of workshops & participants per AY). 
* Cory- will follow up with Hao Yue regarding automated stats updates (i.e., post-workshop states added to GitHub).
* Amanda- DC organization provides stats (and survey results) after workshops (only for centrally-organized workshops?)- will ask Danielle.

### Elections
* Will be advertd/announced at Meet-and-Greet event.
* Open nomination process/create Google doc prior to meet-and-greet event.
* Cory will follow up with Flora, i.e., adding workshop partipants to informatics listserv; then send email announcement regarding 2022-23 Board Member elections.
* Need to update webpage & create/update Google form for Nominations.
* Nomination process open for 1-2 weeks; voting 1 week; determine new board members by end of Sept.

### Any Other Business
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

## Governance documents (in gov-edit-pitch branch)
* Changes approved & website updated (thanks, Cory!) 
* https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/compare/master...gov-edit-pitch

## Data Analysis and Visualization in R for Ecologists Workshop Planning Update
* Caityn & Dellena serving as workshop co-organizers.
* Tentative dates for Sept. 19-20, or 19-21, depending on length/number of lessons included.
* Held remotely; 100% virtual workshop via Zoom.
* What is the enrollment cap?

## Libraries Workshop Planning Update
* Will be centrally-organized 
* Tentatively held in early November
* Amanda will contact Danielle from Data Carpentries Org about available date

## Student Travel Grants
* Audrey will ask Flora about availability of funds.
* Follow up via email and talk about at next meeting. prior to next board meeting.

### Notes for Next Meeting
The next meeting is tentatively scheduled for Tuesday, Sept. 6th, 11:00am EST. (No classes on Monday, Sept. 5th.)
Caitlyn will serve as Audrey as Secretary. 
