---
layout: single
title: "2021-04-13 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2021-04-13
excerpt: "Instructor training and Proposed Genome workshop"
---
UF Carpentries Meeting Minutes
===
###### tags: `Templates` `Meeting`
- **Location:** Zoom
- **Date:** April 13, 2021 10.00AM
- **Agenda**
1. Introductions
1. Approve minutes from March 30th board meeting
1. Annual reports
1. Check in Re: instructor training applications
2. Genomics workshop planning

- **Participants:**
    - Max Tagliamonte
    - Audrey Smith
    - Brandon Marriell
    - Trista Brophy
    - Narayani Barve
    - Vijay Barve
    - Amobichukwu Amanambu
    - Cory Brunson

- **Meeting Chair:** Trista 
- **Meeting Secretary:** Narayani 

## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
1. We had a new member today Cory Brunson. Welcome Cory.
2. Brandon provided a short introduction of the UF carpentry club for Cory. 
3. Minutes were approved unanimouly 
4. Audrey shared an update about a proposal with Cathy. There is a proposal in development called NCODES (National Center for Open Data supporting Environmental Synthesis) with NSF. They would like software carpentry to be involved if NCODES comes through. They are looking at collaboration in developing curriculum and delivery of workshops. Board might have to discuss further about this proposal to get clarity on UF Carpentries involvement.
5. So far we have received 3 applications for instructor training. Deadline for this application is 16th April 2021.
    - Reminder message will be popsted today on social media and other listsrvs
    - If we get more than 6 applications, then we can decide on meeting through email else decide over email 
6. Genomic workshop in the summer 
    - We can try to organize the workshop within summer break week since there are no classes during that time. Tentative dates proposed are June 23rd and 24th. 
    - Max agreed to check the availability of the instructors. 
    - It was decided to find out instructors available for teaching the workshop by sending email to listserv 
    - Earlier in person courses, we had 4 instructors. We might have to think about it this time when we are organizing it online. 
7. Next meeting will be April 27th. Max agreed to Chair the meeting and Audrey will be secretary.

