---
layout: single
title: "2019-10-08 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-10-08
excerpt: "Board positions, Workshop updates, Travel Awards"
---
## Agenda
* Meeting schedule for the rest of the semester.
* Board positions (chair, secretary, etc.).
* Workshop updates
    * Fall R Carpentries workshop.  Curriculum discussion
    * Genomics workshop
    * Spring ML workshop, meeting with Dr. Michailidis
* Travel awards update
* More official "carpentries" presence at UF.

## Attendees
Board members: Brian Stucky (chair), Elise Morrison (secretary), Eve Bohnett, Minghao Gong, Vratika Chaudhary, Jenicca Poongavanan; Guests: Dan Maxwell, Taylor Paisie

## Meeting schedule
Tuesdays at 3:45 PM actually work for everyone, so we'll continue with that.

## Meeting minutes
Conditionally approved; will review and raise an issue if anything is incorrect.

## Genomics workshop update

* Workshop title: "Intro to genomics".
* Standard registration fee ($45).
* Update Taylor Paise when the registration page is active, and when the website is up

## Logins, etc.
* New board members are able to access GitHub, Google drive, Etc

## Board positions
* Rotate through board positions, every 2 meetings, switch roles for Chair, Secretary
* Is everyone ok with continuing this method?
* On the wiki, there is great documentation:
    * Secretary: 
    * https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/wiki/(Secretary)-Taking-Board-Meeting-Minutes
    * Chair:
    * https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/wiki/Chair-responsibilities-and-guidelines
* Treasurer doesn't rotate, responsibilities are also on the wiki: 
    * https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/wiki/(Treasurer)-Tracking-the-Budget
    * Invite Geraldine to give an overview of the Treasurer role; Oct. 22nd meeting
    * Eve volunteered to help with treasurer role 

## Status on upcoming workshop
* Intro to R workshop
* Which modules do we want to add? Software vs. Data Carpentry
* First day: intro to R
* Do we want to include SQL? Depending on the audience, SQL might be useful (Health sciences would find it useful) Lesson might be too short
* What is our target audience? New Graduate Students
* Second day: do we want to include version control (1/2 day)
* Data carpentry has an excel lesson: 1.5 hours, do we want to include this?
    * Data quality control lesson (20 min)
* Excel, R lesson, Unix Shell (really shortened; no bash scripting), Git/GitHub
* Title: Intro to Data Analysis with R and Version Control
* If board members are not certified instructors, they could still teach as long as we have one certified instructor present


## Machine learning Workshop
* Meeting with Dr Michailidis; he is willing to offer more funding towards travel grants. 
* Workshop in spring withh  be python based, which would need an intro to python or people should have a basic skill with python
* In the spring, we could host an intro to python workshop (Software Carpentry)

## Spring workshops
* Dan Maxwell recommends working closer with Health Sciences, people there could use intro to R
* Who can we contact to send out announcements?
* Future agenda item: how to reach out to Health Sciences? Dan will act as contact to help reach out

## Travel awards updates
* Short proposals, evaluated, $500 for travel generally
* Additional funding from UFII could be available for additional travel awards
* Dr Michailidis would like to incentivize more people running workshops
* In the follow up meeting: find out what exactly he wants from this
* Special awards might be more than $500
* Dan has biodiversity and precision health grant as well

## Officer positions for next meeting
* Vratika: Chair 
* Jenicca: secretary
