---
layout: single
title: "2020-09-01 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2020-09-01
excerpt: "Elections, intro to R workshop"
---
## Agenda

* New semester meeting time?
* Elections update
* Intro to R workshop - September 28-29
* Other items?
    * Chemometrics course (Brian update; with J. Bowden)

## Notes


### Attendees: 
Carla, Elise, Alethea, Brian (last half), Eve (first half)

### New semester meeting time?
* Eve will send out lettucemeet poll

### Elections
* We're going to send an announcement of elections this week (Brian will send out this announcement, per his email today)
* Social: had it been decided? On Eve's calendar, meet and greet (digital) on the 10th at noon (Alethea has had best attendance at virtual events set at noon)
    * Who is organizing the meet and greet? Eve set up zoom
    * When will it be announced? Announced with the self-nomination solicitation email
* Email template for soliciting self nominations.
    * Do we want a board meeting linked with the social, immediately after the social? Decided against it because too much time on zoom
    * send out email reminder about self nominations
* Email today/tomorrow, meet and greet 9/10, then give people a bit of time to think it over; set the deadline to 9/17 (self nominations)
    * Next board meeting TBD, depending on lettucemeet poll, meet every 2 weeks still 
    * Close election the following week, week of 21st (decide later, with rest of board), could close on Sept 30 - On next agenda item (try to schedule deadline the night before the board meeting)
    * Plan to meet with new board around 10/5


### September intro to R workshop (Sept. 28-29)
* Eve: should not be free, difficult to take attendance, what if people only show up for a short bit of time, how are they counted in attendance? Would be nice to be free, but want to make sure people show up. Could try to set up a workshop with the warning that no shows will have a penalty. 
    * Attendance may be more manageable for classes with fewer people (10-12 students)
    * There's a lot of demand, how much do we want to count?
    * Had implemented fees initially to curb demand somewhat
* Set to vote (set deadline for vote; end of next week 9/11, so there's still time to announce)
* Eve put together a quick website for our September Intro to R workshop. https://uf-carpentry.github.io/2020-09-28-Intro_to_R/
* Eve made a new signup sheet to send out during the first or second week of the semester. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vGdr4HEcN_gaq5cUBPePwpVT5Zv2oY2fLCTWwuej0mo/edit#gid=0
* and the schedule assignment file. 
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lONH71D0937eMAw1-pvGmGREM-DPKS-B6gtT6rtEbSA/edit#gid=0
* Here is the link to the intro to carpentries slides to be given first thing during the workshop. 
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18hOpvMm-l6XvfW8b8UCGRfqMn1EiFfkSmZOc39TPd5Q/edit#slide=id.g91a3aa71e6_2_148

### Chemometrics course update (Brian)
* Nov. 16 and Nov. 18, 3-3:50
* Brian will update re: time of day
* Genomics workshop may have a conflict, but could do the first part of the day for genomics (Nov 16-18th)
* Any helpers interested?
* After thanksgiving, everything will be turning digital (according to reopening plan)
* Timing might be tricky, week before Thanksgiving break
* Further discuss at next board meeting

### Items for next board meeting agenda
* Election updates
    * Decide what date the election should close (Sept. 30th?)
* Discuss fee/cap for workshops in the fall
* Chemometrics update (Brian)

### Next chair and secretary
* Decide at meet and greet next week


