---
layout: single
title: "2025-1-21 Board Meeting for short January workshop"
menu: "main"
date: 2025-1-21
excerpt: "21 January 2025 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2025 Janaury 21, 1:00 PM (ET)
- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Discussion of short workshop on January 28-30th

- **Participants:**
    - Present: AJ, Cory, Calvin, Vaasuki, Flora, Dellena
    - **Chair:** Dellena
    - **Secretary:** Dellena

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Short workshop discussion
* Friday January 31st from 6-7:30 pm
* We may get a gathertown account or will be linked into a zoom
* AJ will let us know if we have to get an account or not
* 15 people registered right now, but we will get updated numbers later in the week
* Prepare for 15 people, but there won't be a set number

#### What Carpentries workshop will this follow and what sections?
* R for Ecologists lesson
* Data visualization with ggplot2 and working with data
* Can use wetland data but this is not a requirement
* If we want hands-on experience, than maybe do 1 lesson, but if we do 2 lessons, then it will be less hands-on
* Cut amount of interaction and maybe do 10 minute break where questions can be asked
* For visualization episode, you cans stop in the middle or where-ever you want
* Do some of the visualization, then stop and then go through as much of working with data section as possible
* Do not make it too much of introduction in R, because that is a requirement for this workshop - https://datacarpentry.github.io/R-ecology-lesson/index.html
* Have time for questions embedded into lessons
* 40 minutes for each lesson with 10 minute break in-between, with visualization section first, introductions for each section before start working
* Vaasuki being helper for both sections
* Dellena helper for data visualization
* Calvin helper for data working section
* This won't be an official carpentries workshop

#### What data should we be using?
* Since this is a tight time window, make few modifications on episodes as possible -> then we can point people to lessons to continue working

