---
layout: single
title: "2024-01-23 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2024-01-23
excerpt: "23 Jan 2024 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2024 January 23, 10:00 (ET)
- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Approval of [December 12 minutes]([https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/214])
3. Elections follow-up (Audrey & others)
4. Sponsorships update
5. Membership renewal (Ke)
6. Budget update
7. Future workshops
8. IFAS reports (Cory)
9. Any other business

- **Participants:**
    - Present: Ke, Cory, Flora, Vaasuki, Dellena
    - **Chair:** Ke Zhang
    - **Secretary:** Dellena Bloom

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

-   Introductions

-   Approval of November 7 and 21 Board Meeting minutes

> Cory will change format of Nov7 minutes.

-   Elections follow-up (Audrey & others)

> Need to have at least one continuing board member to work with Audrey
> to know the status of the election (Ke will answer email Audrey sent
> on Nov 15).

-   Sponsorships update

> We have our new chartfield info (valid for 5 years). Flora will send
> the complete chartfield to Ke. Ke need to send this info to the
> sponsors (WEC and Museum).

-   Membership renewal (Ke)

> We will decide if we will renew membership in the next year. Cory
> suggested if we had limited funding next year, we may try to use the
> funding to pay for instructor training without renewing the
> membership. Ke will email Carpentries to ask if it is possible.

-   Budget update

> Cory will continue to work on this and show it to other board members.

-   Future workshops

> If we can't renew membership, we may not be able to have
> centrally-organized workshops.
>
> Genomics workshop may be considered.
>
> We need to know if there are new members, and if they want to help
> Geospatial workshop.
>
> Natya suggested the workshop of Using R for Reproducing Science, and
> possibility of some social science background workshop.

-   IFAS reports (Cory)

> Cory will write this, including the past year funding limits,
> workshops have been organized, and future work.
