---
layout: single
title: "2020-12-15 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2020-12-15
excerpt: "Sponsorships & Spring Workshop planning"
---
2020-12-15 Board Meeting

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`
- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** Dec 15, 2020 10.00AM
- **Agenda**
1. Introductions.
2. Approve minutes from December 1, 2020 board meeting.
3. Quick report on Chemometrics mini-workshop.
4. Updates from all board members on sponsorship emails and responses.
5. Continue planning for spring R workshop (January 25, 26).
- **Participants:**
    - Brian Stucky
    - Vijay Barve
    - Narayani Barve
    - Brandon Merriell
    - Trista Brophy
    - Alethea Geiger
    - Hao Ye
- **Meeting Chair:** Brian
- **Meeting Secretary:** Vijay

## Notes

### Introductions
- Hao Ye formal board member
### Approve meeting minutes
- Minutes from December 1st, 2020 were approved
### Chemometrics workshop
- Two lectures for the Chemometrics mini-workshop was conducted by Brian Stucky. This could be treated as one more workshop for reporting. 
### Sponsorship emails
- Member updates
    - We have $1000 commitment form UFBI : Brian
    - College of Pharmacy, a zoom meeting was held. They want a workshop for Graduate Students. They are supportive and currently working on sponsoring us : Brian
    - EPI needs follow up : Brian
    - Trisha has contacted SNRE
    - Brandon has contacted Biology, Libarary and WEC, waiting for reply
    - Vijay has contacted UFGI
    - Narayani has contacted FLMNH
- We will have to follow up in first week of January 2021
- We need to add all the potential and actual sponsors in the registration form selection of school / department to capture data on attendance of associated members
### Planning for spring R workshop (January 25, 26)
  - Two days workshop but shorter contents and more room for brakes
  - Contents would be largely based on September 28 & 29, 2020 Workshop
  - Intro to Excel to be included as part of data management best practices 
  - Intro to R, dplyr, ggplot (https://vratchaudhary.github.io/plotting_r/)

### Workshop organization ideas and tasks
  - Breakout during breaks
  - Slack to be used for communication during workshop based on earlier experience
  - Virtual workshop should be smaller in size
  - Make it clear that we have office hours during the breaks to address questions that participants might have
  - Recommend having 2nd monitor for the workshop for participants to manage online sessions, R studio and slack discussion
  - A script to be provided to participants for them to run and make sure system is set up correctly
  - Let us keep the workshop free
  - Follow up email for confirmation of participation to make sure we have higher participation
  - Set up workshop website by copying the repo
  - Open Registration two days after session starts
    - Do contact managers of email listservs ahead of time, so that the post can go up on the correct date
  - Participants 30 and at least 3 helpers
### Next board meeting
- Tuesday 5th Jan 2021 10AM (Remote)
- Meeting Chair : Brian
- Meeting Secretary : Vijay

