---
layout: single
title: "2023-09-12 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2023-09-12
excerpt: "12 Sep 2023 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2023 September 12, 10:00 (ET)
- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Approval of [August 29 minutes](https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2023-08-29/)
3. Budget documents & amounts (Audrey and Ike)
4. Recap of Data Analysis and Visualization in R for Ecologists workshop (Ke and Vaasuki)
5. Update on Meet-and-Greet (Dellena and Cory)
6. Elections schedule
7. Instructor training offers
8. Sponsorship emails
9. Update on Genomics workshop (Aida and Cory)
10. IFAS reports (Cory)

- **Participants:**
    - Present: Cory, Ke, Dellena, Flora, Audrey
    - **Chair:** Cory
    - **Secretary:** Audrey

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Introductions
* Brief introductions were made as we temporarily had one new/unknown person in attendance (left the zoom before introducing him/herself).

### Approval of August 29 minutes
* Minutes were approved unanimously without amendment.

### Budget documents & amounts

* Audrey reached out to Ike regarding budget but has not received a response.
* Flora informed the board that Ike is currently out of the country and also will be vacating her position with UFII in early October. 
* Audrey will follow up with Flora on the budget and membership status prior to next board meeting.

### Recap of Data Analysis and Visualization in R for Ecologists workshop

Recap provided by Ke: 

* 18 registered; 17 attended
* Skipped SQL section (planned this way in advance)
* Finished in time/no issues with time management of lessons
* Limited number of instructors & helpers
* Tips for future workshops:
    * Better to have a minimum of 2 helpers available for duration of workshop
    *  Grab code from instructors immediately after lessons taught and or workshop conclusion to share with participants
    * Participants had difficulty finding the workshop location
    * Student requested certification for workshop attendance and completion
        * Ke created pdf document for the learner
        * Cory found learner certificates available via Carpentries Org. website: https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/hosts_instructors/certificates.html
    * Remeber to clean out/put room back together at conclusion of workshop
* All in all, successful workshop!


### Update on Meet-and-Greet
* Cory cannot attend due to lab retreat scheduling conflict
* Cory created new slide show for the event; using Carpentries Org. slides
    * Photos of current board members requested
    * Others (Dellena, Audrey, Ke) will review slides and edit as needed
        * Audrey to add elections slide
        * Audrey to add board member photos & names
* Dellena & Audrey to run logistics
* Ke will be also be in attendence & can help


### Elections schedule
* Goal: set board members election schedule prior to Meet-and-Greet
* Cory suggested the following schedule:
    * Nominations open on Sept. 18th; close on Sept. 29th
    * Voting opens on Oct. 2nd; closed on Oct. 13th
      * Proposed schedule was approved by all present
* Audrey will create/update the nominations google form and send to Cory by Sat., Sept.16th or earlier
* Elections need to posted under 'Events' on website (Audrey?)
* Email announcement to go out on Monday, Sept. 18th (Cory?)
  

### Instructor training offers
* Ties into conversation about budget:
    * Audrey will follow up with Flora on budget & instructor training funding prior to next board meeting 
* Send out email for instrucor training soon as possible
    * Discussed timeline relative to elections
        * Potential dates: Sept. 25 (self-nominations still open), or wait until Oct. 16th (after elections have closed)
        * All agreed better to wait until after elections to avoid confusion (after voting closes & new board members announced 

### Sponsorship emails
* Audrey to send email with link to sponsorship email draft & google sheet of contacts prior to next board meeeting.

### Update on Genomics workshop
* Cory & Aida are organizers; dates: Oct. 2-3
* Cory to send out email announcement & call for instructors/helpers by Friday, Sept. Monday, Sept. Oct. 2-3
* Flora to set up workshop registration
* Audrey to post workshop on club website under 'events'

### IFAS reports
* Cory has reached out to Geraldine but has not received response.
* Audrey will send email to Geraldine about Carpentries Club 'founding' and IFAS reports and copy Cory

### Next board meeting
* Next meeting will be Sept. 26th @10:00AM ET on Zoom
    * Chair: Dellena
    * Secretary: Ke

* Agenda items:
    * IFAS reports
    * Elections
    * Budget
    * Instructor trainings
    * Sponsorships
    * Meet-and-Greet recap
    * Genomics Workshop update
    * Discussion on Listerv & contact lists (Cory & Flora)
    * Other business TBD

