---
layout: single
title: "2024-09-30 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2024-09-30
excerpt: "30 September 2024 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2024 September 30, 2:00pm (ET)
- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Approval of Sep 12th minutes
3. Membership renewal
4. Online workshops
5. Semester workshop and recruiting events
6. Other

- **Participants:**
    - Present: Cory, Dellena, Ke, Calvin, Vaasuki, Flora
    - **Chair:** Dellena
    - **Secretary:** Calvin

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Introductions
* Talking about how we doing for the days

### Approval of Sep 12th minutes
* Weird txt file Feb 21 2024 has format issue.
* Made sure Sep 12th note is good.

### Membership renewal
* Flora: we have four sponsors, $4000, can renew this week
* Gathering sponsor: we are good for this year, might need new sponsor next year's spring
* Need to meet with IIRAI(?) for more sponsorship. Ke is available to meet on Nov 5th 9am, 2024 at Weil Hall.
* Instructor training funds: NOT covered by the membership renewal, since we get the bronze tier membership. $900 is the cost for each trainee.
* With every sponsorship we get in the future, we can get more trainee individually.

### Online workshop
* Organized by Calvin and Vaasuki - sent out email to DEP, not yet responded.
* Once date decide, we can arrange sign-up sheet.
* Capacity: need to decide for online, in-person used to be ~40. 
* Two days workshop?: Ke-yes it's a lot of content and intense.
* For free workshop, might have more drop-offs than paid ones.
* Ideally we have 2 helpers per session, depend on helpers for capacity.
* Reminder email this week, if not we can call Mailin's number.

### Semester workshop and recruiting events
* During the workshop to recruite.
* Flyer on the building wall. Ke can make one.
* Send out email.
* Hanging out event to let students join and introduce us.
* Many people attend event -> helper -> member. Vaasuki agrees with her own experience.
* Budget: we have ~$400 to do the recruiting event.

### Other
* Permission: Cory changed last-term board member status from owner to member
* Need to make Hao(?) as an owner.

### Next Board Meeting
* Chair: Calvin
* Secretary: Dellana
* Date: Monday October 14th, 2pm
* Schedule:

1. Introductions
2. Approval of Sep 30th minutes
3. Membership renewal
4. Online workshops
5. Semester workshop and recruiting events
6. Other
